_consumers/Safety alerts and recalls/Electrical.md, before:

---
title: Electrical
permalink: /consumers/safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/
third_nav_title: Safety alerts and recalls
description: ""
---
## Electrical safety alerts and recalls
We conduct compliance checks on consumer products sold locally to ensure they adhere to safety requirements. Stay up to date with the latest news regarding unsafe consumer products identified in Singapore.

**07 Jul 2022**<br>
**IKEA issues recall of METALLISK Espresso Maker**<br>

IKEA is conducting a voluntarily recall of the product, METALLISK Espresso Maker for hob 0.4 l with the stainless steel safety valve (silver/grey). No other units are affected by this recall.

IKEA is recalling the product due to an increased risk of the product bursting during use.

<img src="/images/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/metallisk-espresso-maker.png" alt="METALLISK Espresso Maker" style="width:270px;height:370px;"><br>

The affected METALLISK Espresso Maker were sold at IKEA stores and online from 1 October 2019.

Customers who own the METALLISK Espresso Maker with stainless-steel safety valve should stop using the product immediately. The product can be returned to any IKEA store for a full refund. Proof of purchase (receipt) is not required. For more information, please contact the IKEA Customer Contact Centre at +65 67866868 or visit www.ikea.com/sg/en/newsroom/range-news/ikea-is-recalling-metallisk-espresso-maker-for-hob-0-4l-with-the-stainless-steel-safety-valve-pub784cae10

Refer to the listing below for more product safety alerts and recalls.

**Product recalls**

|Date|Title|
|---|---|
|07 Jul 2022|[IKEA issues recall of METALLISK Espresso Maker](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2022-07-07-ikea-metallisk-espresso-maker.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|22 Feb 2022|[Kenwood voluntarily replaces “Julienne” disc of food processor models FPM800 and FPM810](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical//electrical-alert-2022-02-22-Kenwood-Julienne-disc-FPM800-and-FPM810.pdf){:target="blank"}|
|05 Oct 2020|[LG Electronics Inc’s free replacement program for TV Power Board](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2020-10-05-lg-electronics-free-replacement-programe-for-tv-power-board.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|15 Sep 2020|[Goldland International recalls Iona GLWD700 water dispenser](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2020-09-15-goldland-international0recalls-iona-glwd700-water-dispenser.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|23 Dec 2019|[Elmark recalls 17 models of ceiling fans](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-12-23-elmark-recalls-17-models-of-ceiling-fans.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|21 Oct 2019|[Panasonic Rice Cooker Power Cord Replacement](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-10-21-panasonic-rice-cooker-power-cord-replacement.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|01 Jul 2019|[Apple recalls 15-inch MacBook Pro batteries](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-07-01-apple-recalls-15-inch-macbook-pro-batteries.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|03 May 2019|[Apple recalls three-prong AC wall plug adapters](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-05-03-apple-recalls-three-prong-ac-wall-plug-adapters.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|18 Apr 2019|[ACCC warns consumers about various Daiso products containing button batteries](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-04-18-accc-warns-consumers-about-various-daiso-products-containing-button-batteries.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Apr 2019|[Unregistered Portable Socket Outlets: Remax RU-S4, LDNIO SC3301 and LDNIO SC3604](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-04-17-unregistered-portable-socket-outlets.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|28 Feb 2019|[Goldland International recalls Iona GLWD700 water dispenser](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-02-28-goldland-international-recalls-iona-glwd700-water dispenser.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|20 Feb 2019|[Dell recalls hybrid power adaptor](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-02-20-dell-recalls-hybrid-power-adaptor.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|28 Jan 2019|[HP expands notebook batteries recall programme](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-01-28-hp-expands-notebook-batteries-recall-programme.pdf){:target="_blank"}|

**Product safety alerts**

|Date|Title|
|---|---|
|16 Jun 2022|[UK's Office for Product Safety and Standards warns consumers about HK:088 Travel Adaptor](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical//electrical-alert-2022-06-16-HK088 Travel Adaptor.pdf){:target="blank"}|
|23 Apr 2021|[Electrolux refrigerators (model number ENN2754AOW) installed at Riversails condominum](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2021-04-23-electrolux-refrigerators-model-number-enn2754aow-installed-at-riversails-condominium.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Sep 2019|[Whirlpool, Hotpoint, Indesit, Creda, Swan and Proline tumble dryers](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2019-09-02-whirlpool-hotpoint-indesit-creda-swan-and-proline-tumble-dryers.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|31 Mar 2017|[Lighting: Wits 5W P20 AC86-265V E27 Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2017-03-31-wits-5w-p20-ac86-265v-e27-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|31 Mar 2017|[Lighting: UK 3W E14 Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2017-03-31-uk-3w-e14-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|29 Feb 2016|[Lighting: High Power Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-29-high-power-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|29 Feb 2016|[Lighting: AC Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-29-ac-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|29 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Mag Lit Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-29-mag-lit-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|18 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Casiotec GP-05WDL Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-18-casiotec-gp-05wdl-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|18 Feb 2016|[Lighting: LC Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-18-lc-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Spark E14 Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-spark-e14-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Leili LNGY-101B Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-leili-lngy-101b-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: DL STB4W WWB Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-dl-stb4w-wwb-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: High Power Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-high-power-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: AZ e-lite AZCEND Globe Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-az-e-lite-azcend-globe-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|28 Dec 2015|[Electric Drill: SKIL 450W 10mm Impact Drill](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-12-28-skil-450w-10mm-impact-drill.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 3W Unicell LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-3w-unicell-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 5W Universal LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-5w-universal-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 12W LED Bulb Series LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-12w-led-bulb-series-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 10W Unbranded LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-10w-unbranded-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|25 Sep 2014|[Lighting: High Power LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-25-high-power-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|05 Sep 2014|[Haircare: Bronson 218 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-05-bronson-218.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|05 Sep 2014|[Haircare: Bronson BBL-128 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-05-bronson-bbl-128.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|05 Sep 2014|[Haircare: Bronson BBL-608 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-05-bronson-bbl-608.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|25 Aug 2014|[Lighting: "UK" LED bulb](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-08-25-uk-led-bulb.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|14 Aug 2014|[Lighting: Go-Pro GPY10510-SC LED Bulb](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-08-14-go-pro-gpy10510-sc.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|06 Aug 2014|[Lighting: PowerPac “Crystalline” LED Bulb](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-08-06-powerpac-crystalline-led-bulb.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|03 Apr 2014|[Haircare: Junma HB-25 Hair Curling Iron](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-04-03-junma-hb-25.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|03 Apr 2014|[Haircare: Blueidea - BLD 838 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-04-03-blueidea-bld-838.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|07 Mar 2014|[Haircare: Panasonic EH-HW13 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-03-07-panasonic-eh-hw13.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|07 Mar 2014|[Haircare: Revlon RVST2029A Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-03-07-revlon-rvst2029a.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|07 Mar 2014|[Haircare: Revlon RVST2029B Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-03-07-revlon-rvst2029b.pdf){:target="_blank"}|

Commit message:

{"message":"Update file: Electrical.md","fileName":"Electrical.md","userId":"1075"}

_consumers/Safety alerts and recalls/Electrical.md, after:

---
title: Electrical
permalink: /consumers/safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/
third_nav_title: Safety alerts and recalls
description: ""
---
## Electrical safety alerts and recalls
We conduct compliance checks on consumer products sold locally to ensure they adhere to safety requirements. Stay up to date with the latest news regarding unsafe consumer products identified in Singapore.

**14 Jul 2023**<br>
**Bose Recalls Bass Modules sold with select Acoustimass®, Lifestyle® and Companion™ Home Theater System Due to Fire Hazard****<br>

Bose has announced a voluntary recall of certain bass modules that were produced before April 2006, and sold with Acoustimass, Lifestyle and Companion Home Theater Systems. The recalled units’ electrical components may fail under certain conditions thus posing fire hazards.

Below are two images of the bass modules included in this recall. The colour of the bass module may be either black or white. 


<img src="/images/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/bose%201.png" alt="METALLISK Espresso Maker" style="width:300px;height:300px;"><br>

<img src="/images/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/bose%202.png" alt="METALLISK Espresso Maker" style="width:300px;height:300px;">
		 

Please refer to this [website](https://global.bose.com/en_us/bm_safety_contact.html) for more information on the recall, and instructions on how to identify if your bass module is affected by this recall.

Consumers with affected units should immediately stop using and unplug the bass modules, then contact Bose at +65 67779600 to arrange for a free repair of the bass module, or a 40% discount on a replacement product.

Refer to the listing below for more product safety alerts and recalls.

**Product recalls**

|Date|Title|
|---|---|
|14 Jul 2023|[Bose Recalls Bass Modules sold with select Acoustimass®, Lifestyle® and Companion™ Home Theater System Due to Fire Hazard](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2023-07-14-bose.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|07 Jul 2022|[IKEA issues recall of METALLISK Espresso Maker](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2022-07-07-ikea-metallisk-espresso-maker.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|22 Feb 2022|[Kenwood voluntarily replaces “Julienne” disc of food processor models FPM800 and FPM810](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical//electrical-alert-2022-02-22-Kenwood-Julienne-disc-FPM800-and-FPM810.pdf){:target="blank"}|
|05 Oct 2020|[LG Electronics Inc’s free replacement program for TV Power Board](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2020-10-05-lg-electronics-free-replacement-programe-for-tv-power-board.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|15 Sep 2020|[Goldland International recalls Iona GLWD700 water dispenser](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2020-09-15-goldland-international0recalls-iona-glwd700-water-dispenser.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|23 Dec 2019|[Elmark recalls 17 models of ceiling fans](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-12-23-elmark-recalls-17-models-of-ceiling-fans.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|21 Oct 2019|[Panasonic Rice Cooker Power Cord Replacement](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-10-21-panasonic-rice-cooker-power-cord-replacement.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|01 Jul 2019|[Apple recalls 15-inch MacBook Pro batteries](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-07-01-apple-recalls-15-inch-macbook-pro-batteries.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|03 May 2019|[Apple recalls three-prong AC wall plug adapters](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-05-03-apple-recalls-three-prong-ac-wall-plug-adapters.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|18 Apr 2019|[ACCC warns consumers about various Daiso products containing button batteries](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-04-18-accc-warns-consumers-about-various-daiso-products-containing-button-batteries.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Apr 2019|[Unregistered Portable Socket Outlets: Remax RU-S4, LDNIO SC3301 and LDNIO SC3604](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-04-17-unregistered-portable-socket-outlets.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|28 Feb 2019|[Goldland International recalls Iona GLWD700 water dispenser](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-02-28-goldland-international-recalls-iona-glwd700-water dispenser.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|20 Feb 2019|[Dell recalls hybrid power adaptor](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-02-20-dell-recalls-hybrid-power-adaptor.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|28 Jan 2019|[HP expands notebook batteries recall programme](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-recall-2019-01-28-hp-expands-notebook-batteries-recall-programme.pdf){:target="_blank"}|

**Product safety alerts**

|Date|Title|
|---|---|
|16 Jun 2022|[UK's Office for Product Safety and Standards warns consumers about HK:088 Travel Adaptor](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical//electrical-alert-2022-06-16-HK088 Travel Adaptor.pdf){:target="blank"}|
|23 Apr 2021|[Electrolux refrigerators (model number ENN2754AOW) installed at Riversails condominum](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2021-04-23-electrolux-refrigerators-model-number-enn2754aow-installed-at-riversails-condominium.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Sep 2019|[Whirlpool, Hotpoint, Indesit, Creda, Swan and Proline tumble dryers](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2019-09-02-whirlpool-hotpoint-indesit-creda-swan-and-proline-tumble-dryers.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|31 Mar 2017|[Lighting: Wits 5W P20 AC86-265V E27 Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2017-03-31-wits-5w-p20-ac86-265v-e27-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|31 Mar 2017|[Lighting: UK 3W E14 Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2017-03-31-uk-3w-e14-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|29 Feb 2016|[Lighting: High Power Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-29-high-power-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|29 Feb 2016|[Lighting: AC Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-29-ac-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|29 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Mag Lit Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-29-mag-lit-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|18 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Casiotec GP-05WDL Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-18-casiotec-gp-05wdl-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|18 Feb 2016|[Lighting: LC Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-18-lc-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Spark E14 Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-spark-e14-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: Leili LNGY-101B Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-leili-lngy-101b-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: DL STB4W WWB Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-dl-stb4w-wwb-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: High Power Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-high-power-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|02 Feb 2016|[Lighting: AZ e-lite AZCEND Globe Self-ballasted LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2016-02-02-az-e-lite-azcend-globe-self-ballasted-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|28 Dec 2015|[Electric Drill: SKIL 450W 10mm Impact Drill](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-12-28-skil-450w-10mm-impact-drill.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 3W Unicell LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-3w-unicell-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 5W Universal LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-5w-universal-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 12W LED Bulb Series LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-12w-led-bulb-series-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|17 Feb 2015|[Lighting: 10W Unbranded LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2015-02-17-10w-unbranded-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|25 Sep 2014|[Lighting: High Power LED Lamp](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-25-high-power-led-lamp.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|05 Sep 2014|[Haircare: Bronson 218 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-05-bronson-218.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|05 Sep 2014|[Haircare: Bronson BBL-128 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-05-bronson-bbl-128.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|05 Sep 2014|[Haircare: Bronson BBL-608 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-09-05-bronson-bbl-608.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|25 Aug 2014|[Lighting: "UK" LED bulb](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-08-25-uk-led-bulb.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|14 Aug 2014|[Lighting: Go-Pro GPY10510-SC LED Bulb](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-08-14-go-pro-gpy10510-sc.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|06 Aug 2014|[Lighting: PowerPac “Crystalline” LED Bulb](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-08-06-powerpac-crystalline-led-bulb.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|03 Apr 2014|[Haircare: Junma HB-25 Hair Curling Iron](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-04-03-junma-hb-25.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|03 Apr 2014|[Haircare: Blueidea - BLD 838 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-04-03-blueidea-bld-838.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|07 Mar 2014|[Haircare: Panasonic EH-HW13 Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-03-07-panasonic-eh-hw13.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|07 Mar 2014|[Haircare: Revlon RVST2029A Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-03-07-revlon-rvst2029a.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
|07 Mar 2014|[Haircare: Revlon RVST2029B Hair Straightener](/files/product-safety-alerts-and-recalls/electrical/electrical-alert-2014-03-07-revlon-rvst2029b.pdf){:target="_blank"}|
